gh-90120: Specify UTF-8 encoding in `PyModule_AddString{Constant,Macro}` docs (#131597)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/module.rst

.. c:macro:: PyModule_AddStringMacro(module, macro)

   Add a string constant to *module*. The name and the value are taken from
   *macro*. For example ``PyModule_AddStrMacro(module, STRINGLIB_TYPE_NAME)``
   adds the string constant *STRINGLIB_TYPE_NAME* with the value of

>    *STRINGLIB_TYPE_NAME* to *module*. The string *value* must be
>    ``NULL``-terminated and UTF-8 encoded.

Reviewer: `value` is not a variable we know about here. It makes sense for `PyModule_AddStringConstant` because there's a `value` parameter.

Instead, let's do something like this:

```suggestion
   *STRINGLIB_TYPE_NAME* to *module*. The contents of the macro must be
   ``NULL``-terminated and UTF-8 encoded.
```

I think it would also make more sense to move that sentence to before "For example".

Reviewer 2: How about:
```suggestion
   *STRINGLIB_TYPE_NAME* to *module*.
   The macro must expand to a NUL-terminated UTF-8 encoded C string.
```

Or “NULL-terminated” -- but not with the backticks: `NULL` is a pointer, not a byte.
